Yang Tianxia, my mother is going to you.
Excuse me?
It scares you, you bitch can
Two soldiers
It doesn't work.
Baby can win
Then wait and see the archery competition
My building princess blindfolded shooting
superior
Katsukawa Ford
The fief and Chen Chike are ready
This prince has not lost yet
Prince Li
What do you mean?
I can't afford to lose, you just won the next game by chance
That's three wins in three games.
Winner undecided
What are you so arrogant about?
Chuanfu, this is Daxia
Not your country
Pay attention to your words
Your Majesty
It's okay to win three games
I will convince them that they lose
Offer the city and fief with both hands
Mu Guiying Ray can win because of your luck
But don't you forget
The second sentence is about martial arts
Fencing is all about strength
With your hands that only cook for laundry
Absolutely can't win against the Japanese warriors
Have time to worry
I might as well take a good look at your legs shaking like that
I don't know if it won't work.
Your Majesty's next pen is martial arts
Princess Zhang and a woman
Your Majesty, please think again.
Ling sent me to take down the general